Project used to experiment with Thrift. Uses gradle to build.


h1. Before building / running

* make sure thrift 0.3 is installed from http://incubator.apache.org/thrift/download/ the gradle script assumes the thrift executable to be in /usr/local/bin/thrift
* make sure gradle (>= 0.9) is installed

h1. Layout

* actual code in src/main/java
* thrift file(s) in src/main/thrift/
* generated sources (by thrift) are in src/generated/java/gen-javabean/
* configuration and resources in src/main/resources

h1. Compiling

Generate and compile all source using:

<pre>gradle compileJava</pre>

h1. Running

Run the server (on port 1234) using:

<pre>gradle runServer</pre>

Run the client using:

<pre>gradle runClient</pre>

Both these tasks call the compile task before running.

h2. Expected output

Server:
<pre>
peter ~/dev/thrift/Category-Service-Test-project (master) $ gradle runServer
:compileJava UP-TO-DATE
:processResources UP-TO-DATE
:classes UP-TO-DATE
:runServer
2010-08-19 23:10:55 RunCategoryServer [INFO] server setup, starting on port: 1234
2010-08-19 23:11:02 CategoryServiceImpl [DEBUG] get category is called
2010-08-19 23:11:02 CategoryServiceImpl [DEBUG] get children is called
> Building > :runServer
</pre>

Client:
<pre>
peter ~/dev/thrift/Category-Service-Test-project (master) $ gradle runClient
:compileJava UP-TO-DATE
:processResources UP-TO-DATE
:classes UP-TO-DATE
:runClient
2010-08-19 23:11:02 CategoryServiceClient [INFO] client ready
2010-08-19 23:11:02 CategoryServiceClient [DEBUG] calling 'CategoryService.Client#get'
2010-08-19 23:11:02 CategoryServiceClient [DEBUG] returned category: Category(id:123, name:Category 123)
2010-08-19 23:11:02 CategoryServiceClient [DEBUG] calling 'CategoryService.Client#getChildren'
2010-08-19 23:11:02 CategoryServiceClient [DEBUG] returned: [Category(id:0, name:Category 0), Category(id:1, name:Category 1), Category(id:2, name:Category 2), Category(id:3, name:Category 3), Category(id:4, name:Category 4), Category(id:5, name:Category 5), Category(id:6, name:Category 6), Category(id:7, name:Category 7), Category(id:8, name:Category 8), Category(id:9, name:Category 9)]

BUILD SUCCESSFUL
</pre>